182 document importing sql files (#217)
humanmade/altis-local-server: docs/cli.md

composer server cli -- language core install fr_FR
```

CLI commands via Local Server also support piping for more complex shell commands.

### Importing a database backup

To import a database backup with local server, you will need to have a database backup file in a location that is accessible from the project root.

```sh
composer server cli -- db import database.sql
```

> **Note:** For privacy reasons, any database backups that are version controlled should be scrubbed as to be free from any personal identifying information and care should be taken that database backup files committed to the repository are free from personal data.

Reviewer: Just tidying up the sentence a bit, was a little confusing on first read through.

```suggestion
**Note:** For privacy reasons any database backups that are version controlled should have any personally identifiable information removed and extra care should be taken to avoid committing database backup files containing personal data.
```
